Create a tab or subcategory under “Pro Consultant Commissions” that includes “The Bill Payer Program” or (BPP). This program is for Pro Members only.  It is designed to help NFGN Pro Members pay their bills, regardless of how many products they are personally selling; because it is primarily based on the individual’s GV performance vs their Personal Sales.  In other words, the Pro Member will have a Bill Payer Bonus deposited into their NFGN account every time the required group and personal volume is met for a particular “Fund”. The Bill Payer Program contains 5 different “Funds”:  1. Rent / Mortgage Fund, 2. Car Fund, 3. Utilities Fund, 4. Medical Fund, 5. Phone/Internet Fund. The rent/mortgage fund pays up to $1500. The car fund pays up to $600. The utilities is fund pays up to $450. The medical fund pays up to $350. The phone and Internet fund pays up to $185.  These funds cannot be earned from personally selling a product yourself only. They are earned when you help the people in your  group’s community to be successful at selling products and services. The network itself is paying you for your hard work and efforts to help other people.  Once the requirements are met, the funds are deposited into your account almost immediately; usually within 1 to 5 business days.  The origin of this fund begins with Mr. Marcelino himself, wanting to help people who are struggling with their everyday bills and hardships.  He wanted to help people obtain financial freedom, by taking a portion of the company’s revenue and paying it directly to qualifying “Pro Member”. Funds will be paid out once a month, and cannot be relocated to someone else. They cannot be transferred to someone else.  The total amount of each fund can change at any time at the discretion. The Bill Payer Fund is one of the most exciting features of the NFGN platform and compensation structure.  Create a section in the Pro Compensation Settings that allows me to change the Bill Payer Funds/Bonuses payout percentage amounts based on the required Group Volume (GV) and Personal Volume (PV).  For example: Rent/Mortgage|  12% of the GV: 15,000 ; PV = 100. I need to be able to change the percentage, the GV amount, and the PV amount.